
1. Introduction to Series
Series = A Pandas 1-Dimensional labeled array that can hold any data type
Think of it like a single column in a spreadsheet (1-Dimensional)


2. Structure of a Series
basically it means that it has some values inside of a label like a single column 
and every element has it's own index.


3. Example Output
0    100
1    102
2    104
dtype: int64



4. Output Explanation
in the output ther will br 2 columns for now
the 1st column is for the indexes of the values that are in the 2nd column.
and at the very below there will be the meta data about the series.
INT64 means 64 bit Integer, FLOAT64 means 64 bit float value things like this.


5. Mixed Data Types
if the data is mixed with different types of data then the Series's meta data type will be object


6. Creating a Series
series = pd.Series(data)
now when we construct a Series object, we can set index with custom labels, 
the default label for each variable starts from 0 and then increases accordinly


7. Custom Index
to increase the readability we pass a index key word to the construcor
we can pass a list, tuple, dictionary, numpy array and even another series.


8. Example with Custom Index
like : series = pd.Series(data, index = ["a", "b", "c"])


a    100
b    102
c    104
dtype: int64


9. Accessing Values with loc
now any time if we need to access any values in the series we could use the loc property.
loc means location by label we use the [] operator and then inside we use a label.


example : 


print(series.loc["a"]) 
by this we will get the value which is in the label "a".
and if given invalid key we would get a keyvalue error.


series.loc["c"] = 200 
we could also change the value at any given valid label using loc

iloc is basically integer location, by which we are accessing the series.

10. Accessing Values with iloc
print(series.iloc[0]) 
iloc is basically integer location, by which we are accessing the series.
by this we will get the value which are integer position


11. Conditional Selection
print(series[condition]) 
by passing the series some condition we could make the series give output basis on that.